# zdowneyIMDBproject
1. Zach Downey
2. I think you only need to import tkinter, from tkinter import ttk, from tkinter import *, _import numpy as np, import matplotlib.pyplot as plot import requests, import sprintOne, sprintTwo, sprintThree, sprintFour into test.py and main.py. import sqlite3, requests, secrets, and from typing import Tuple into all three sprint.py files, Run main.py. When sorting by rank and rankUpDown, you can press the button once and it will open a new window, then you can press the button again and it will sort in the reverse way. But, if you sort by rank first, you must go back to the original table that was generated to sort by rankUpDown in ascending order. Also, it is easier to scroll if you maximize the windows that open, but you can scroll without maximizing too. I show how all of this should look in my detailed manual test plan that I uploaded as a word document in my 'tests' folder. 
3. My project grabs data from different API urls, using an API key. It prints out list of top 250 shows and show user ratings to data.txt file, then it creates a database called 'shows_db.sqlite' and has different functions creating and filling six different tables that go into that database. Then, I have a test file to test all table creating and filling functions and test my function for getting the biggest movers for the movie ratings table. Finally, I have a GUI app which allows you to view the most popular shows/movies and sort by rank and rankUpDown, also allows you to view top 250 shows/movies, allows to view a graphing of which shows/movies are moving up/down, and allows you to view which shows/movies are in both the most popular and top 250 shows/movies.
4. My database was created and then creates and fills six tables: 'shows', 'movies', 'popular_tv', 'popular_movies', 'show_ratings', 'movie_ratings'. I used DB browser to view the database tables. 
5. I am missing my ratings appearing and I think a few tests are also missing or done incorrectly. My workflows is also still not working unfortunately, because it is saying exit code 4 no tests ran in however many seconds. Also, when I run my tests individually, get get a red error message ast the top of the terminal, but eventaully say the test passed and get a green test passed signal. I completed a detailed manual test plan but I am not sure if that is anything close to what you were looking for and I uploaded in my 'tests' folder as a word document that you must click 'view raw' and then open to view. My GUI app views all necessary data except ratings, which I was unable to figure out. 

*It is much easier to scroll through the data if you maximize the window, and you have to return to the original window to sort by the opposite button of which you sort by the first time and then you can press it once to view sorted one way and press again to view sorted the other way. 
